Fix 3893: return 505 if the request http version is not supported (#3909)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Routes.md

  }
})
```

### ⚠  HTTP version check

> Fastify will check the HTTP version of every request and, based on [configuration options](./Server.md#http2), will check against one or all of the following versions: `2.0`, `1.1`, and `1.0`. If Fastify receives a different HTTP version in the request it will return a `505 HTTP Version Not Supported` error.

Reviewer: Please hard wrap these lines to be consistent with the rest of the document. Also:
```suggestion
Fastify will check the HTTP version of every request, based on [configuration options](./Server.md#http2), to determine if it matches one or all of the following versions: `2.0`, `1.1`, and `1.0`. If Fastify receives a different HTTP version in the request it will return a `505 HTTP Version Not Supported` error.
```

  }
})
```

### ⚠  HTTP version check

> The fasatify server will run a check on the HTTP version of the request on every call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The fastify server will run a check on the HTTP version of the request on every call.
```
